Create the project like the structure provided. 

the structure itself should be around, for the frist version we will only be filling in the following: 

the start game button should work

put in the three main button, but they don't have to work for now. 

create a temperary demo button as well, this is where we will test some of the earliest features. 

have this be a 8x8 board

we will add: 
    equipment: 
        movement:
        oct-movement. this is in all 8 direction for one square 
        This will cost 3A
        cross-movement. this is in 4 direction for one square. 
        This will cost 2A
        diagonal-movement. this is in 4 direction (diagonally) for one square. 
        This will cost 2A

        capture: 
        lightswing-down. this is where the location that the piece occupies is attack. the damage will be 2 + 1d4
        this will cost 1b
        hardswing-down.  this is where the location that the piece occupies is attack.the damage will be 3 + 1d6
        this will cost 2b

        armor: 
        lightarmor. this adds 1d4 defense. cost 1c
        heavyarmor. this adds 1d4 + 1d6 defesne. cost 2c and 1a

    pieces: 
        Vanguard - can spend 6A 2b, has 20 HP
        horseman - can spend 8A 1b, has 15 HP
        Shieldman - can spend 3A 1b 2c, has 25 HP

in the demo board, you can drop the piece as player blue or player red. these two are enemies. 
I should be able to pick a piece, put the capture, movement, and armor on them as under their limitation. 
Equipments should stack. for example, two oct-movment would allow the player to move two times in all 8 directions. multiple captures would allow me to capture multiple times. 

visually, the movement can just be rectangles with words on them for now. I should be able to drag and drop them on the pieces like cards. 
the capture would be hexagons
the armor would be in a little shield shape. 
the pieces can just be blue/red circles with the name of the piece written on them. 


after the player has set up the board, I should be able to press a button and start a game after I choose in an option on which player to go first. 

when I click on the pieces, I should be able to see movement options, which should mark on the board as blue
I should see attack options as red. 
if there is an overlap, you should make the tile marked purple. when a purple is selected, a prompt should pop up for the player to choose which action to take. 
within each piece itself, in each turn, it should store the data. I should have an undo button for each piece individually. 
I want a button that submits the moves, which will then pass on the turn. 

when an attack land on a piece, the armor value and the attack value both rolls. if attack is larger than defense, the piece takes damage and updates the health bar
there should be health bar above the piece, having the current health count and the full health. should be like 15/20

a piece is removed from the board if the piece is at/below 0 health

when all pieces are captured from one player, the game ends with the standing player wining. when a game ends I should have a button that kicks me back to the demo board, or the main menu. 

I should also be able to quit midway in playing, which will kick me back to the demo board set up. 

I can play for both player, I will only be able to play the side that is current the turn of. 

the damage should display in big fonts, displaying the damage dealt and damage blocked. 

